# Voicebank Terms of Use

General Voicebank Disclaimer
This voicebank was designed to work with the EN X-SAMPA phonemizer for OpenUtau, but can also be used in Classic UTAU.
For information about phonemes, please see Salem Wasteland's English CVVC documentation.
Also note that the [l]/[5] phonemes are aliased like Vocaloid SAMPA [l0]/[l] for easier use of the phonemizer and dictionary.

Attribution
When publishing work using this voicebank, you are required to state the name of this voicebank.
It is not necessary to state the name of this voicebank's author.
When attributing the name or author of this voicebank, you must write the names exactly as written above. You cannot call the voicebank by any other name, nor can you attribute the voicebank to any other author.

Usage Content
You are free to create sexual content.
You are free to create violent content.
Seek author permission to create political content.
Seek author permission to create religious content.
The following types of content are unconditionally prohibited:
- Criminal or illegal content
- Explicit underage sexual content
- Bigotry and hateful content
- Violations of UTAU's Usage Policy
CoolJoule reserves the right to request takedown of published content at any time, and users are expected to comply.

Character and Artwork
Published work using the voicebank may or may not include visual depictions of the voicebank character.
Visual depictions should be clearly recognizable as the voicebank character. This voicebank cannot be used in conjunction with artwork of other characters.
Existing artwork of the voicebank character cannot be used without prior permission from the individual artists.

Commercial Use
Contact the author for individual approval to use this voicebank commercially.
You cannot use this voicebank or any included assets in projects involving non-fungible tokens (NFTs) or cryptocurrency.

Editing
You are free to edit the audio files of this voicebank in any way.
You are free to edit any configuration files, such as oto.ini or FRQ files.
You are free to edit, convert, or reconfigure this voicebank for any singing synthesizer.
You are permitted to use the contents of this voicebank outside of singing synthesizers, such as for music production or video production.

Redistribution
Before this voicebank is discontinued, you may only redistribute the entire unedited voicebank. You must correctly attribute the voicebank's name and author.
After this voicebank is discontinued, you may only redistribute the entire unedited voicebank. You must correctly attribute the voicebank's name and author.
You are free to share rendered singing vocals created with this voicebank.

Disclaimer
CoolJoule holds no responsibility to any incidents, damage, or loss by the user from downloading or using the voicebank or character.
CoolJoule holds no responsibility to any incidents, damage, or loss that occurs to any third party as a result of usage of the voicebank or voicebank character.
These terms of use were originally generated with https://tools.tubs.wtf/vbtougen and may or may not include additional edits.
